What did the fish say when he swam into a wall?
Dam.

What do you call a fish with no eyes?
A fsh.

What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work?
A can’t opener!

There are three types of people in the world:
Those who can count and those who can’t.

Did you hear about the Italian chef who died?
He pasta-way.

Two muffins were sitting in an oven.
One turned to the other and said, “Wow, it’s pretty hot in here.” The other one shouted, “Wow, a talking muffin!”

I sold my vacuum the other day.
All it was doing was collecting dust.

Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke?
He won the “no-bell” prize.

What’s the difference between a rabbit and a plum?
They’re both purple except for the rabbit.

Two windmills are standing on a wind farm.
One asks, “What’s your favorite type of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”

I like elephants.
Everything else is irrelephant.

Two guys walk into a bar.
The third guy ducks.

What do you call a fake noodle?
An impasta.

Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella?
For drizzle.

Did you hear the story about the claustrophobic astronaut?
He just needed some space.

What do you call an alligator in a vest?
An in-vest-igator.

What kind of tea is hard to swallow?
Reality.

A man and a giraffe walk into a bar.
After a few drinks, the giraffe falls over and dies. The man begins to walk out when the bartender stops him.
“Hey, you can’t leave that lyin’ there!” the bartender yells out.
The man turns around: “It’s not a lion. It’s a giraffe.”

Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long?
Because then it’d be a foot.

Why don’t dinosaurs talk?
Because they’re dead.

A dyslexic man walks into a bra.

What do you call a fly with no wings?
A walk.

What did the mime say to his audience?
Nothing. He stayed in character because he’s a professional.

What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?
Make me one with everything.

What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
“Supplies!”

What did the buffalo say when his son left?
“Bison!”

What’s green and has wheels?
Grass. I lied about the wheels.

What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob.

What do you call a psychic little person who has escaped from prison?
A small medium at large.

What’s the most terrifying word in nuclear physics?
“Oops!”

Three fish are in a tank.
One asks the others, “How do you drive this thing?”

What’s the dumbest animal in the jungle?
A polar bear.

Did you know the first French fries weren’t actually cooked in France?
They were cooked in Greece.

Wife: “How do I look?”
Husband: “With your eyes.”

What’s the best part about living in Switzerland?
I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.

Have you heard the rumor about butter?
Never mind, I shouldn’t be spreading it.

Why do bees have sticky hair?
Because they use honey combs.

RIP, boiled water. 
You will be mist. 

What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? 
Phillipe Floppe. 

eBay is so useless. 
I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches. 

Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke? 
Joke, joke, jooooooooooooooke. 

I hate Russian dolls. 
They’re so full of themselves. 

I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. 
You might not believe me, but I saw it with my own eyes. 

A limbo champ walks into a bar. 
He loses. 

What did the frustrated cat say? 
“Are you kitten me right meow? Cat hiss ridiculous.” 

When does a joke become a dad joke? 
When it becomes apparent. 

I got fired from my job at the bank today. 
An old lady asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. 

What do you call a magician who lost their magic? 
Ian. 

Why can’t you explain puns to kleptomaniacs? 
They always take things literally. 

What do you call a blind dinosaur? 
A do-you-think-he-saurus. 

Why is Peter Pan always flying? 
He neverlands.

Why do ghosts love elevators?
It lifts their spirits.

Who are caterpillars’ biggest enemies?
Dogerpillars.

Why do fish live in saltwater?
Pepper makes them sneeze.

What do you call an empty can of Cheese Whiz?
Cheese Was.

What kind of dogs love car racing?
Lap dogs.

My favorite word is “drool.”
It just rolls off the tongue.

I just wrote a book on reverse psychology.
Do not read it.

I’m terrified of elevators ...
… so I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.

Where do spaghetti and sauce go to dance?
The meatball.

I like to spend every day as if it’s my last.
Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.

I went on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation.
Never again.

Parallel lines have so much in common.
It’s a shame they’ll never meet.

What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car?
“Robin, get in the car.”

I threw a boomerang a few years ago.
I now live in constant fear.

How do you talk to Italian ghosts?
With a Luigi board.

Two men meet on opposite sides of a river. One shouts to the other, “I need you to help me to get to the other side!”
The other guy shouts, “You are on the other side!”

What’s orange and sounds like a parrot?
A carrot.

Which rock group has four guys who can’t sing or play instruments?
Mount Rushmore.

My girlfriend broke up with me because I quote Linkin Park too much.
But in the end, it doesn’t even matter.

What do you call bears with no ears?
B.

What kind of shoes do robbers wear?
Sneakers.

Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer?
He couldn’t see himself doing it.

What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? 
Same middle name. 

What do you call someone with no body and no nose?
Nobody knows.